So let's bring the banner you match.
And when I click it on simple show kooks to see the hopes that we have available in the card page so
for example you can see we have an action race in.
Check Card items here we have another ones.
These ones are not being.
And that's if you want to display these below the customer match.
You can see some of that right here.
Only one apprentice on the bottom the card table or on the right whatever you want you can see a bunch
of different options and things to simple show hooks.
You can see him in a more graphical way.
Where do these kooks are deciding what going to copy will commanders check carb items and then when
a common display display button there in they got a page or a function call or display manager got a
page in what are going to have an action of action check of items and what are going to copy these and
what have and have a call manager here just to see that this is working.
And stop showing Cookes and then you can see Habanera here.
It's looking nice.
Exactly the place that we want to bring their banners.
So first I'm going to add the Global Post again this is the way that you access the global post of.
And then we're going to have you match your rent equals to get Phil and then you buys the name of the
field.
In this case going up in Carstone feels an got you know maybe they would've gone to Coby's But here
we can manage it in the second that we bought the so this way we made these a little more portable.
They called and they were going to Yves you match you are a rare case that these Xs are going to execute
this code in case.
Now we're going to ignore this and the fortune is going to end.
So next we're going I finish the pitch because I'll close the pitch be Dyken up in this race.
So right here asininity this is better.
We're not going that deep with declasse you've been caught ending what I'm going to echo.
I am yes I see what I call the the majeur echo match you around in the way use the as it takes you palm
so you can save these up in the browser and Rouleau and you can see we have the card and you can see
we have a grand opening a special offer say up to 20 percent and the coupon code right here.
So for example we're running a special offer that we can we can log in to war back in low coupon and
they tours when they are in the kind of page with this coupon that they can apply right here.
That's something really nice when you have a special offer one day license to use this special offer.
And there is no better place than the card page.
Do these play these kind of coupons.
So we're going up in the style that's Jasus and Gracy and gonna start this coupon cart coupon cart and
then another Maryan born of one am so save these and reload now you can see have some MySpace here and
this is looking nice.
So let's say that the sale is over we can close this and up the DS Grillo and you can see that nothing
is being printed.
I'm going to add the coupon and so they'll be matching up the
SO in the next video I'm going to show you how to either.
You can see we have like you've been in the car.
And then I show you a hot button to clear the car.
This is going to be a really common requirement by the clients.
And I'm going to show you how to do that in the next video.